Install binaries to the miri toolchain's sysroot (#2806)
rust-lang/miri: CONTRIBUTING.md

./miri install
```

and then you can use it as if it was installed by `rustup` as a component of the
`miri` toolchain. Note that the `miri` and `cargo-miri` executables are placed

> in the `miri` toolchain's sysroot to prevent conflicts with other toolchains which
> would arise if they were placed in the usual `cargo` bin directory
> (usually ~/.cargo/bin`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the `miri` toolchain's sysroot to prevent conflicts with other toolchains.
The Miri binaries in the `cargo` bin directory (usually `~/.cargo/bin`) are managed by rustup.
```
